## Minutes for Wednesday, Sept 21

**Attendees:**

Hao Xiao - Runtime Verification
Jonathon Bartlett - Tweag
Joris Dral - Well-Typed
Las Safin - MLabs
Mathieu Montin - Tweag
Mikael Björn - FYEO
Nicolas Jeannerod - Tweag
Vilhelm Sjöberg - Certik
Simon Thompson - IOG
Stefano Leone - IOG
Bogdan Manole - IOG
Adriana Saez - IOG

Apologies
Thomas Arts - Quviq

### Minutes:

* The aim of this working group is to build a community of people who are working in indepth certification and particularly in audit to raise the profile of audit with the view to become an organization that is run and controlled by the working group members. IOG is helping to set up this working group representing the broader certification community, which IOG is part of. The idea is for this to become a body that sits independently from IOG.
* A Github has been created for the working group members to add their proposals. Link below: https://github.com/input-output-hk/Cardano-certification-alliance-working-group
* The initial charter was posted for the working group members to agree and update. The idea for the chair is to have a rotating chair so somebody has this role for a period of time only, with a vice chair that takes over as next chair.
* A discord channel https://discord.gg/inputoutput has been created for communications within the group. Any member from the community that has an interest could join. However an invite needs to be sent over.
* The working group has been set-up with a small number members to start this going and it will increase in due time, e.g. including other groups such as developers.  
* It will be helpful to understand how many companies have been audited as the DApp store will be released in the coming months so this information will provide a sense on how many DApps are likely to come.
* It was brought to the working group's attention the CIP-57 “Plutus Smart-Contract Blueprints” as CF is interested in having this working group members' view. Link here: https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/pull/258
* DApp store is likely to be released in November.
* It was discussed how do auditors link a DApp to an audit report? The proposal is that the auditors link the audit reports to the deployed contracts. The assumption is that auditors will be the people who will post that metadata in some format as the auditors have audited the Dapp, therefore the authority to post the metadata.
    * **Advantage:** tying the report to the deployed contact - When a user submits a transaction to the DApp they can check the addresses in the wallet and check if these are part of the certification.
**This needs further discussion** as some auditors are not engaged with the DApp until the release (the linked audit report is published before they deploy)
The results of an earlier discussion on metadata are here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FvgX8QiGKVPv4c7HanZ92zwstD9U1amOf8eHvyIb1dI/edit#heading=h.ebh6zmwoff70
There is an interest in the “Agda formalization of the ledger” from the community to contribute as they would like to use it today. A little bit of work is still required but it would be a great effort. Link here: https://github.com/input-output-hk/formal-ledger-specifications

**Actions:**

* Working group members to review the charter
* Chair and Vice-chair to be agreed
* Members to share github name so they will given write access in Github
* Members to confirm access to Discord
* Members to confirm whether any other companies or members should be invited to the working group.
* Members to confirm how many companies have been audited.
* CIP-57 “Plutus Smart-Contract Blueprints” - To be discussed next week and/ or add comments in the Pull Request.
* Simon to share "proof of audit" document which is the metadata that it would be attached to the audit report
* Simon to share the report on “Agda formalisation of the ledger”
